Update README.md (#23)
substrate-developer-hub/awesome-substrate: README.md

  hardware wallet
- [Fork Off Substrate](https://github.com/maxsam4/fork-off-substrate) - Script to help bootstrap a
  new chain with the state of a running chain

> - [Substrate debug-kit](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-debug-kit) - A collection of debug 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Substrate debug-kit](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-debug-kit) - A collection of debug 
```

> - [Substrate debug-kit](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-debug-kit) - A collection of debug 
>   tools and libraries around substrate chains, including  
>   [offline-election](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-debug-kit/tree/master/offline-election), 
>   used to predict npos elections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Substrate debug-kit](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-debug-kit) - A collection of tools
  and libraries for debugging Substrate-based chains, including  
  [`offline-election`](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-debug-kit/tree/master/offline-election), 
  which is a tool that is used to predict nominated proof-of-stake elections. 
```
